---
title: AWS credentials
hide_title: true
sidebar_position: 3
---

:::warning
We now recommend using the automatically created temporary credentials generated by Cado. For more details, see our documentation **[here](deploy#deploy-through-cado-response-platform)**.
:::

# How to Create Secure Credentials for AWS

Below are the steps to create AWS credentials with write-only access to an S3 bucket.

<iframe width="100%" height="628" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OW6fwaUNVXU" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Step 1: Create an S3 Bucket

If you haven't created an S3 bucket yet, follow the instructions to **[Create a new S3 bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quickstarts/latest/s3backup/step-1-create-bucket.html)**. Ensure that **public access is not enabled** to maintain security.

## Step 2: Create an AWS User with Limited Access

Next, we'll create a policy with write-only access to the S3 bucket. This ensures that even if an attacker compromises the credentials, they won't have full access.

### Creating the Policy

1. Go to the **[Access Management Policies](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/policies)** page.
2. Click **Create Policy**.
3. Under **Service**, select **S3** and under **Actions**, choose **Write -> PutObject**.
4. Click **Specific Resources**, then under **Bucket**, click **Add ARN**.
5. Enter the name of your S3 bucket and click **Add**.
6. Follow the prompts to create the policy.

### Creating the User

1. Go to the **[IAM User Page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/users)** and click **Add User**.
2. Create a new user with **Programmatic access**.
3. Assign the write-only policy you just created to the user.
4. Follow the steps to create the user and retrieve the **Access Key** and **Secret Key**.

## Ready to Go

Once completed, you will have:
1. The **Access Key**
2. The **Secret Key**
3. The **S3 Bucket Name**

With these credentials, you'll be ready to securely upload data to your AWS S3 bucket.