---
title: Command line parameters
hide_title: true
sidebar_position: 7
---

# / Forensic Acquisition and Investigation Host CLI Documentation

## Usage
```bash
cado-host [-h] [--verbose] [--version] {version,capture,upload} ...
```

### Options
- `-h, --help`  
  Show the help message and exits.
- `--verbose`  
  Enable verbose output.
- `--version`
  Returns the current version of / Forensic Acquisition and Investigation Host.

## Commands

### `capture`
Capture and triage files based on chosen configuration.

#### Options
- `-c {default,light,max}, --collection_mode {default,light,max}`  
  Selects the collection mode which changes how / Forensic Acquisition and Investigation Host will search for files:  
  - `default`  
    Searches and collects the default set files of files as outlined [here](/cado/discovery-import/cado-host/artifacts).  
  - `light`  
    Searches and collects files smaller than 10MB.  
  - `max`  
    Searches and collects a larger set of files regardless of size. This will slow capture down significantly.

- `-a [ADDITIONAL_FILES ...], --additional_files [ADDITIONAL_FILES ...]`  
  List multiple files or folders to collect, separated by spaces.

  :::tip
  **Note:** Folders should NOT have trailing slashes. File and folder paths must be separated by spaces and enclosed in double quotes. For example:
  ```console
  cado-host.exe capture --additional_files "C:\tools\secretfile.txt" "C:\SuperSecretFolder"
  ```
  :::

- `-ap ADDITIONAL_FILES_PATH, --additional_files_path ADDITIONAL_FILES_PATH`  
  Path to a local file containing a list of files or folders to collect, one per line.

- `--only_additional_files`  
  Only collect files and folders specified in `--additional_files`.

- `--groups [GROUPS ...]`  
  Collect a specific group of files. Use `--list_groups` to see available groups. If no groups are specified, all groups will be collected.

- `--list_groups`  
  List all available groups of files that can be collected.

- `-o OUTPUT_PATH, --output_path OUTPUT_PATH`  
  Path where / Forensic Acquisition and Investigation Host will save the collection.


#### Kubernetes Specific Options

- `--target_container TARGET_CONTAINER`  
  Selects a target container in a Kubernetes cluster.

- `--skip_root_check`  
  Skips the root permissions check when collecting a Kubernetes container.

  :::warning
  **Note:** This should only be used when you are sure that the `sysadmin` profile is available. See the [Kubernetes docs](/cado/discovery-import/kubernetes#root-access) for more information.
  :::


#### Windows Specific Options

- `--dd DRIVE, --default_drive DRIVE`  
  Specifies the default drive on a Windows system.

- `--include_memory`  
  Acquires process memory, this can be slow on Windows systems as it will acquire process memory regardless of size.


#### Linux Specific Options

- `--skip_memory`  
  Skips memory collection for a faster capture.

- `--include_large_memory`  
  Includes open files and memory even if it exceeds 1MB in size. This will slow capture down significantly.

### `upload`
Upload an existing / Forensic Acquisition and Investigation Host capture file, or other files. **This will clean up the uploaded resource locally by default.**

:::tip
When using `cado-host upload` to upload single files to the platform, please use `--no_cleanup` to ensure Cado Host doesn't delete the file after upload.
:::

#### Options
- `--presigned_data PRESIGNED_DATA`  
  Encoded upload credentials generated by the platform.

- `--capture_path CAPTURE_PATH`  
  Path of the file to upload and import into the Platform.

- `--no_cleanup`  
  Disable self-cleanup after triage upload.
  
- `--skip_ssl_verify`  
  Explicitly allow Cado Host to skip SSL verification when uploading to cloud storage. **This is insecure.**

  :::warning
  **Note:** This should only be used as a last resort, useful when proxies in enterprise deployments require the use of a custom self-signed certificate.
  :::
